 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(592) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(664) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(673) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(677) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(680) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(684) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(706) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(712) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(732) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(817) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(875) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(894) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(923) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(981) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1057) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1107) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1139) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1226) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1263) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1293) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1338) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
