 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(572) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(642) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(651) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(655) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(658) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(662) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(684) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(690) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(710) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(776) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(849) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(900) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(973) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1032) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1047) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1100) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1133) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1220) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1257) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1287) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1331) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
