 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(559) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(629) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(638) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(642) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(645) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(649) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(671) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(677) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(682) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(771) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(813) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(891) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(924) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(977) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1043) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1096) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1129) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1216) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1253) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1283) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1327) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
