 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(595) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(671) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(680) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(684) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(687) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(691) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(713) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(719) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(724) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(811) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(844) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(913) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(942) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(997) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1073) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1123) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1155) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1242) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1279) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1309) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1354) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
