 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(572) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(642) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(651) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(655) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(658) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(662) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(684) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(690) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(710) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(777) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(850) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(904) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(977) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1036) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1051) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1104) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1137) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1224) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1261) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1291) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1335) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
